hi this is Michael with auto e clinic
today we're doing link Diagnostics the
customer complaint on this vehicle was
losing power steering fluid leak
diagnostic starts with gravity gravity
only flows one way the same as any fluid
so you want to start at your highest
point and work your way down until you
see where the leak is coming from
you
if you're only
to determine where a particular link is
coming from you want to wash the engine
from the top and from the bottom to
clean it from any type of previous
fluids that way when it does start to
leak you'll be able to see it
immediately after cleaning off the
engine we then add a fluorescent dye
to the power steering fluid we then
crank the engine allowing the
fluorescent dye to circulate through the
power steering system
we use a UV light to illuminate the dye
in the power-steering fluid this allows
us to determine that the power-steering
leak was in fact coming from the power
steering rack now that we've guided you
through the leak diagnostic process
let's move on to the next step which
would be to repair the leak in the
steering gear